well hey guys so I think getting a lot
of questions about different therapy
products in the in the comments and many
of you have asked that I talk about some
of my favorite therapy products and
which ones are good and that sort of
thing so today I thought I would review
all the therapy products that I myself
have personally used and love therapy in
my mind really continues to shine as far
as skincare as far as a skincare line
that is relatively affordable in the
drugstore
and their hallmark ingredient is
ceramides which if you're new here I
mentioned the rule of ceramides before
but they're essentially the most
abundant lipid in or in our skin and the
top layer of our skin and they play a
very very very important role in forming
the skin barrier which you know allows
the skin to hold on to hydration and
function properly as we age and in
individuals with a tendency towards dry
skin inherently or individuals with
eczema for example such as myself
ceramides can wane a little bit and
become deficient and so using a
moisturizer or hydrating hydration based
skin care focus on ceramides really
continues to be proved really continues
to prove in at least you know clinical
experience to really be to really be an
ingredient worth continuing to recommend
strongly I know it's available here in
the US so you know I don't know how
easily it is to get in other countries
but I am really a huge fan of this
skincare lines I'd probably just review
all of the products that I have used on
myself and continue to feel it was very
comfortable recommending to people and
now this video is not sponsored in any
way I use all these products and
continue to recommend them
and I you know wanted to make a specific
video on them CeraVe doesn't even know I
exist and they have no clue I have a
YouTube channel and I sincerely doubt
anybody from therapy is launching or
cares that that I just bought with that
let's give it a go so therapy so one of
my absolute favorites it is the therapy
moisturizing cream okay this is a great
body cream the way that I love to use
this as somebody with a tendency towards
dry skin on the body is to keep this on
the edge of my shower tub I'm not
currently using it but this is how I
typically this is how I would use it
keep it on the edge of my shower and one
of done bathing to turn the water off
and slather this on to wet skin so that
the ceramides can restore the skin
barrier that use kind of disrupted by
water and any soap that you may have
been using and really start to feel the
moisture in and the ceramides really
help enhance that protective function of
the skin this is fragrance free dye free
it's very very well tolerated it's
really just fantastic for everybody you
know I mean people who who have no
interest in skin care this is important
for that this product can really be
helpful for them this product and this
moisturizing cream can really be helpful
for the health of your skin okay it
cosmetic concerns aside I really like it
and it's not irritating and you know
people will be alarmed by the presence
of petrolatum dimethicone and parabens i
said this on here before despite what
the internet media claims these are all
safe and necessary ingredients that in a
body moisturizer are not likely to cause
harm to human health and we continue to
feel comfortable recommending this
product and it continues to be fantastic
and i really really like it so that is
product number one
moving along to cleansers you all know
that I use the Neutrogena salicylic acid
face wash for removing some sun damaged
skin cells as well as additional acne
control in addition to my different I
use it to wash my face in the morning
just with my finger pads the gentle wash
and many people however find that
product irritating and drying it has
fragrance in it and you know it just
doesn't work for many people so I am
always a little recalcitrant to just go
general and recommending it but I love
it it works for me and it's a good
salicylic acid face wash one that I have
used and think is a little is and think
it's for a better tolerated however is
the therapy has a salicylic acid paste
wash as well the shortcoming of this
product I'll just say up front is that I
have no clue what the percentage of
salicylic acid is in this whereas in the
Neutrogena one it's two percent and so
there's that caveat to it but this does
have ceramide in it and it's fragrance
free oil free it has a foaming property
to it and I think if you're somebody
pursuing DHA which is salicylic acid
guys for anti-aging properties which
doesn't exist and really if you're just
seeking to remove Sun damaged skin cells
related to sun damage and the tincture
of time this is a fantastic product I
think for you in that regard it's got
the blend of ceramides it's it's
hydrating like it says it's non drying
and I found that I like using this in
the mornings in lieu of the Neutrogena
salicylic acid based wash that I
typically use in my am skincare routine
so this I find works in lieu of that
just as well and then as far as face
washes as well if you're not interested
in salicylic acid at your teach you or
bothers you and you're just looking for
a gentle skin cleanser that is
non-irritating fragrance free they also
have
this is just a sample of it but I've
used it myself they also have this
foaming facial cleanser it says it says
for normal to oily skin and this one is
also fantastic it lacks the salicylic
acid so if that bothers you you don't
have to worry about that it lacks
fragrance so if you're irritated by
fragrance that won't be problematic this
is also generally well tolerated and
includes their ceramide y'all just hold
it up here it includes their ceramide
mule you as well as hyaluronic acid and
niacinamide which in a wash form I don't
know how good that is I've talked about
niacinamide on here before in my rosacea
Q&A I've talked about it and I think
even my melasma Q&A as well as my recent
Koreans in Jeff Ezra as well as my
recent Asian skincare Q&A and in some of
the products that in a lot of the
popular Asian skincare lines have
niacinamide and niacin Oien has been
shown to be helpful in combating the
redness of rosacea as well as in
imparting it sort of a brightening
effect to the skin so it's a useful
ingredient it's also very helpful as is
you know just kind of a mild
anti-inflammatory and people tend to not
be irritated by the presence of this in
topical skincare so I like this and this
also removes my you know disclaimer as
you all probably are becoming keenly
aware I don't wear much in the way of
makeup but I do wear a lot of sunscreen
and I do wear mascara and I have
successfully removed zinc six eight
layers of zinc on my face as well as
both regular and waterproof a Maybelline
colossal mascara with no issue with this
and no need to go harshly scrubbing so
this is a good one in that regard and I
really liked it I think everybody would
be short to fall in that to be a problem
if he said so moving along I covered the
therapy moisturizing cream this is just
a great one for for pretty much every
any concern but if you're somebody who
in the wintertime for example describes
your skin when it gets dry I'm not
talking about facial skin here I'm
talking about like your arms your legs
your trunk body skin if you describe it
as ashy or you suffer from keratosis
pilaris that rough scaly bumpy stuff
around the little openings on your upper
arms or your thighs one key tenant to
that to managing that as I addressed in
my keratosis pilaris video my tips for
KP is using both moisturizers ideally
that contains ceramides as well as using
a little bit of acid in a cream form to
kind of break up some of that rough and
bumpy stuff and CeraVe has really keen
Liam developed two products that work
quite nicely I personally do have
bounces keratosis pilaris exacerbations
and I found that both of these products
are really wonderful it's the one is a
little bit thicker than the other so the
Cera be renewing cream this is going to
be really this goes on really sick and
greasy so if you are also somebody who's
prone to breakouts and acne you may want
to use the lotion one instead it's a
little bit more watery that still has
the great ingredients in there they both
go on very well
they have both salicylic acid just like
the face wash which can you know help
slough off skin lightly and they also
have ammonium lactate so it's a little
bit more so this is a stronger kind of
body acid I would not put this on the
face I would not okay ammonium lactate I
would not put that on my face and and I
think that's one shortcoming of the of
the labeling and it's not really their
fault it says non-comedogenic and I
think people sometimes interpreted that
as oh this is for the face and really
what they mean is well in whatever their
studies are on community genic acid
which is still not clear to anybody then
you know it doesn't seem like if you're
somebody you
to acne breakouts on the body these
should be okay but again that's hard to
say for sure that is that's that's
generally hard to say for sure people
break out and have irritable skin and
get irritated by certain ingredients but
these I think are worth giving a shot if
you're one of those keiki suffers or
somebody who just gets frankly a sheet
this can these can be very helpful but
therapy renewing as a lotion is the more
watery one and the Cera VSA cream is
thicker in Greece here the cream is like
in the consistency of what's in this jar
whereas the lotion is a little bit more
watery so I love both of those and so
there's that as far as kind of rough and
bumpy skin and then the other product
now you all have heard me say on here
but I don't use soap in the shower I
don't really bathe with soap I use that
benzoyl peroxide containing wash to cut
down on breakouts on my back upper chest
sometimes buttocks area and that's very
harsh and irritating to be honest I
tolerate it and it helps control acne in
those areas for me so I continue to use
it but it's not going to work for
everybody and so how do you cleanse in
those areas if you still if your body
habitus and you know your your your
needs
still necessitate still necessitate soap
but you want something that's not going
to disrupt the skin barrier too much and
cause dryness and irritation and um so
therapy has a hydrating cleanser bar
okay which I used a few time which I've
tried several times and I thought it was
was okay it did not dry out my skin in
any manner
it was gentle and I didn't have any
problems with it I have said on here
before like in my tips for pores video
that bar soaps can contain ingredients
that clog pores that didn't occur for me
and meant using this I thought it was
fine and but that's not the
that it might not occur to you but I
thought this was a good I think this is
a good bar soap if you're inclined to
use bar soap but I don't generally
recommend bar soaps to people because of
that shortcoming if they have they can
sometimes cause pores by virtue of some
of the ingredients that are added to
make them bar form but this one's got
the ceramides in it it's got you know
hyaluronic acid it's very hydrating and
gentle and then another one that you
guys know I use every night this is not
for the this is not for the face face
but rather I use it on my lips and it is
just fantastic this is a therapy healing
ointment this is like ultra thick
Vaseline petrolatum which i've said on
here before we have absolutely no
evidence that this is harmful to heat
that petrol bottom or mineral oil are
harmful to human health or anything like
that they make fantastic occlusive
moisturizers in ain't met form this is
anointment so it will clog your pores if
you put it on poor bearing surfaces the
skin but it's great on the lips okay
it's got the ceramides in it again this
is great i put it on my lips it's not
that fantastic on you know when you get
this kind of rough callous the areas on
your fingers or your the bottoms of your
feet great in that regard so i really
like this a lot a lot a lot a lot and
they also have i think maybe they're
watching my videos i hope i don't think
they are but somebody over there is
figured out that this actually really
fails through with a lip balm like i'm
using it and they put it in a tiny or
two because skin care companies and
cosmetic companies they love to take the
same product and put it in different
size and shape tubes and sell it to you
but i love it love it in that regard
you've numberless sun protection wise
you all know that this sunscreen i
really happen to enjoy for myself is the
therapy SPF 50 sunscreen with invisible
zinc and i like this for myself it does
go on very thick and white if you are a
darker skin type I'm almost certain
you're going to
you know even even the fairest of them
all general I was like that's just too
white for me I am I find I'm able to
mask most of the whiteness with my elta
MD and then I just kind of embrace the
film with when I'm wearing it
this has ceramides and niacinamide it is
great it gets terrible reviews on
consumer reports I imagine because it
makes a big film but in sunscreen we're
talking skin cancer prevention burn
protection protection against the deeper
wavelengths of light that can penetrate
the skin and age the skin if you're
confused like what is she talking about
check out my sunscreen Q&A as I explain
a little bit more about the ingredients
in sunscreen it's great and again like I
said in that video never like don't
preoccupy yourself with the percentage
of zinc or titanium dioxide
it's the SPF 30 to 50 that matters you
just need to see that to know that
you're going to get protection from
those and this is exclusively physical
sunscreen so for people who are
irritated by chemical sunscreens or
don't care to use them this is one to
consider giving a try okay I like it I
use it love it there are other sunscreen
that I find people love far better
because it blends much more readily
particularly you know and that's that's
an obvious concern and people don't want
to walk around looking like you know he
said um mime nobody I mean mines are
creepy so nobody wants to look like I'm
on ok understandably so so they come out
with what I what I tell you all is a
combination sunscreen it's gone and if
you're like confused or new here
combination sunscreens I explained that
also in my sunscreen Q&A so definitely
check those out if you want to learn
about sunscreen but um this one is like
I said is a combination sunscreen it has
a zinc oxide in it which blocks against
both UVB and UVA quite well it does not
contain Ava Ben's own in it which if
you're avoiding that because of its lack
of stability or just your irritated by
it
contain that and it's gone it's got the
chemical filters homeless a late
Marauder made Octonauts a Dan dog tock
relent and I am not irritated by this at
all I find I can put this around my eyes
this should not break you out or clogged
pores but again I can never ever ever
predict that in any manner you kind of
just have to try these things out and if
you find that to be the case for you
make sure you kept your receipt and take
the product back that's the best I can
advise in that manner but this is one
that I generally feel comfortable
recommending to a general audience
blends really well it goes over you know
it blends really well it goes into the
skin quite readily and I'm going to like
it so I recommend this one it's got it
has also got the ceramides and the
niacinamide in it and the hyaluronic
acid which is a great humectant and
keeping water in the skin so I think you
know people are a lot happier with this
one it is a great sunscreen so I don't
know what consumer report says the time
you know all right and then it sort of
in the same shape and flavor of this
only with the paucity of sunscreen
because we don't need sunscreen when
we're in the dark at night while we're
sleeping and we're storing our skin
barrier all we need is a little feeling
of the moisture in so our skin can can
can regroup and recharge okay from the
day and this is one that I really love I
usually keep this in my travel bag but I
just I love it it is the therapy PM
facial moisturizing lotion I love this
applied to this goes over both
hydraboost as well as how to labo
quite nicely and sealing moisture in to
the skin at night time after cleansing
this is great alone if you're in the
dark all day and you just are battling
dry skin it's fantastic the other way
that is nice is you know like when
you're about to go out at night and you
I don't know you know want to kind of
brighten up a little bit just plop this
on I mean this is great and then
it really brightens the skin does form a
protective barrier again like all of
their fantastic products no fragrance no
Alec common allergens whatsoever so you
know these are all products that I have
used myself love and feel confident
recommending to a general audience but
again there are caveats there are people
who have certain sensitivities in ways
that I cannot predict um in any manner
so always always keep your receipt when
you buy these things they are available
here in the US in the drugstore and I
think they're great I think they're
better like as far as like what you
would be concerned about an anti-aging
skincare regimen I think therapy's got
your back I mean you don't need these
fancy high-end cosmeceutical nonsense
none of the stuff that they claim to
have in them doesn't even like work but
therapy continues with their ceramide
blend whatever it is whatever the magic
and therapy is I can tell you for sure
therapy is one that we actually do
recommend okay
many many drugstore and cosmetics
companies will claim the dermatologist
recommended therapy is when we actually
do love and recommend and use on
ourselves okay so that's why I want to
make this video because you guys are
asking me about a lot of the different
products I don't use it all the products
and read a right now because I'm you
know as you all are aware I'm testing
out different ones but these are ones
that you know if you I reckon I feel
comfortable recommending to the general
audience and you will see benefit in the
health of your skin using these
generally so yeah I hope this video was
helpful kind of a outside of the
drugstore drugstore review you know of
some of my favorites and why like these
are ones that I buy and I buy for other
people it's kiss and they're like why is
she giving you this I really love them
and I hope you know if you want to try
them out I hope that they work out well
for you and please leave feedback about
if you have tried them and which ones
you liked and didn't like yeah I hope
you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up share
with your friends and as always don't
forget sunscreen and subscribe I'll talk
to you guys tomorrow bye
[Music]